Delivery Overview for Linked [DOC-991] (#6953)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/delivery-overview.md

You can refine these tables using the time picker and the metric toggle, located under the destination header. With the time picker, you can specify a time period (last 10 minutes, 1 hour, 24 hours, 7 days, 2 weeks, or a custom date range over the last two weeks) for which you'd like to see data. With the metric toggle, you can switch between seeing metrics represented as percentages (for example, *85% of events* or *a 133% increase in events*) or as counts (*13 events* or *an increase of 145 events*.) Delivery Overview shows percentages by default.

### Pipeline view

> The pipeline view provides insights into each step that your data takes enroute to the destination, with additional information available for each steps where data can be discarded due to errors or your filter preferences. Each step provides details into counts, change rates, and event details (like the associated Event Type or Event Names), and the discard steps (for example, Failed on ingest, Filtered at source, Filtered at destination, and Failed delivery) provide you with the reasons events were dropped before reaching the destination. Discard steps also include how to control or alter that outcome, when possible. The pipeline view also includes a label between the Filtered at destination and Failed delivery steps indicating how many events are currently pending retry. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The pipeline view provides insights into each step that your data takes en route to the destination, with additional information available for each steps where data can be discarded due to errors or your filter preferences. Each step provides details into counts, change rates, and event details (like the associated Event Type or Event Names), and the discard steps (for example, Failed on ingest, Filtered at source, Filtered at destination, and Failed delivery) provide you with the reasons events were dropped before reaching the destination. Discard steps also include how to control or alter that outcome, when possible. The pipeline view also includes a label between the Filtered at destination and Failed delivery steps indicating how many events are currently pending retry. 
```

> Each of the following integrations has a slightly different pipeline view to account for differences in the data processing journey (process?):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each of the following integrations has a slightly different pipeline view to account for differences in the data processing journey (process?):
```

Is process supposed to be in here still?

Author: nope - good catch
